# 3D Touch

On supported devices, people can access additional functionality by applying varying levels of pressure to the touchscreen. Apps can respond by displaying a context menu (or supporting Peek and Pop) to show an item and the actions that people can use to affect the item.

On devices running iOS 13 and later, people can use the touch and hold gesture to open a context menu, regardless of whether the device supports 3D Touch. On 3D Touch devices, the gesture can reveal the context menu more quickly.

## Home Screen Interaction

On the Home screen of a device running iOS 13 or later, apps can display a context menu when people touch and hold the app icon (on a 3D Touch device, people press briefly on the icon to see the menu). An app’s context menu lets people quickly perform common app-specific tasks and see interesting information. Calendar, for example, provides a shortcut for creating an event, in addition to showing the next event on the schedule. For design guidance, see Home Screen Actions and Widgets.

## Live Photos
Live Photos come to life when people interact with them, using movement and sound to show the moments just before and after the photo was taken. On a device running iOS 13 or later, people activate a Live Photo by resting their finger on the photo; on a 3D Touch device, people press briefly on a Live Photo. For design guidance, see Live Photos.

---

### 애플 공식 문서

https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/user-interaction/3d-touch/